Are you guys let's go ahead and add some content to this bottle.
So it appears like there's some sort of a gold liquid inside it.
And so the first thing we want to do is we want to fill our bottle.
So I'm going to go ahead and select our shape down here.
The gray one that's the shape of our bottle.
I'm going to add a new layer above it.
So it's going to be underneath my highlight layers and then I'm going to go ahead and use my eyedropper
tool and select this yellow here.
Now if you don't have this image you can go ahead and look at this number right here to get the exact
color that I'm using.
Or you can just look here and see about where my color is.
So it's pretty saturated.
We're going to go ahead and select that then we're going to go ahead and fill this in.
Next we're going to go ahead and unselect out of this.
Then using my last one too.
I'm going to go ahead and draw a line of where I want the edge of my liquid to be.
So I'm going to put it somewhere about there.
Now the quicker you can draw that line the smoother it's going to be.
If you go really slowly it's going to get all jaggery.
So just try to quickly go across if you can't get it right the first time just keep trying and eventually
you'll get the right shape that you want.
Now that we have the shape selected Let's go ahead and hit delete.
And now that gets rid of that top area next.
Let's go ahead and add this top surface to our liquid.
So I'm going to add a new layer for it.
Then using my circular marquee to you know go ahead and make an oval that's about the same size as my
bottle.
I want it to be a little bit bigger then I'm going to go ahead and select this color right here.
That makes up the top surface.
See what color that is there is it's color right there.
There's it's position right over here towards the white.
Fill that in next.
Let's go ahead and turn on the Transform Tool and then turn on the warp tool.
This way we can custom we make the surface of our liquid.
So I'm going to drag this over to the edge of my bottle there and this over to the edge of my bottle.
There then I'm going to go ahead and start morphing the shape.
Now you don't have to copy their bottle exactly.
You can make a liquid whatever color you want.
You can make it in whatever shape you want.
You don't you have to put liquid in it.
You can put anything you want to this bottle.
The concept that I teach you on how to create the glass part of it will allow you to create a bottle
for anything and then allow you to add anything into it.
All right.
Great.
Let's go ahead enter.
Perfect.
Looks good.
Now it's hanging over a little bit on the side.
Solmonese my razor and erase that away.
And I can also kind of see through the white part a part of my bottle right here.
So what I want to do is I want to come back up to my white highlight layer then I'm going to select
the shape again so that I can paint outside of it.
And then coming back to the color white men to go ahead and paint in around these edges once more and
I bring my brush opacity up to 50 percent.
Now they'll see it covers that all up.
We want to make sure these edges are really white at least and most of the areas and the place where
it's supposed to be white.
We want it to be white which means you can't see through.
You'll see as I fill this edgin right here.
It's going to cover that up.
That's exactly what we want.
Perfect now the surface shape up here is looking a little bit boring.
So I'm going to come back down to that layer then using my last or two I can go ahead and draw like
that and go ahead and hit delete to sort of make it look a little bit more interesting.
Same with this side and go like that back and delete.
See how that looks.
Awesome in races where a little bit next let's go ahead and add a top pillow to the surface because
it's gold.
I think it should be going just a little bit.
The way we're going to do that is by coming over to its layer selecting it and then coming down to effects
and then coming over to outer glow.
Now you see we can create an outer glow on it and it makes it look a lot more interesting.
So we're going to select an orange like we have right now.
We might make it a little bit more orange skin and then we're going to bring the opacity down just a
little bit to about 75 percent.
Then my size is at 43 pixels and this is just the distance it's going to throw that glow.
So you'll see if we bring it down to zero pixels you can't see it at all.
And as you bring it up it gets bigger and bigger.
So I'm going to make mine pretty large probably about 100 pixels Mago and hit OK.
Great.
Next what we want to do is if we look at this bottle there's sort of these little glowing orbs inside
of it.
So let's create those.
So first what I'm going to do is almost like my brush tool.
And then I want to make sure I'm on a soft edged brush so I get a copy to my soft brush and then using
my color white and bringing my brush opacity all the way up to 100 percent.
I'm going to go ahead and make a dot like so and you'll see because we're still on this layer that has
the glow effect on it.
It automatically applies to us.
I can add another one here and we get that really cool glowing effect.
Next we're going to go ahead and add some shading to our liquid.
So I'm going to select my liquid color and then I'm going to darken that a little bit to about there
and come a little bit more down into the oranges.
OK.
And now I'm going to select my bottle shape so I don't paint outside of it and then I'm going to add
a new layer above my content layer and then we can go ahead and start painting that in I'm going to
bring my brush opacity down to 2 percent and we can start painting in like so and where we want to paint
in.
It's just along this edge over here.
And also a little bit on this edge.
We don't want to paint too much but just enough to look a little bit more realistic and add a little
bit more shadow to it.
We also want this right here to sand out a lot more of this reflection.
And so by putting the darker color behind it it really does that for us.
All right that brings us to the end of this lecture.
So in this lecture you learn how to add the liquid contents of your potion.
You also learn how to create this really cool glow effect and then you learn how to add a little bit
of shadow to your liquid.
Thanks for watching this water.
And I look for it.
Thanks for watching this lecture.
And I look forward to seeing you in the next one.